speaker A: It. Okay, I got it. You want to talk about it, or are you private?
speaker B: No, I don't care.
speaker A: I just mean, like, we have different ways of saying it. So you can say, like, I've broke up with her, she broke up with me. Or just general is we broke up. Or we also say, like, I dumped her or she dumped me, but that one is a little bit too direct. Like, that one's kind of harsh. Like, pretty aggressive way to say that. Yeah. Now what happens? Do you feel like, did you guys share a lot of things? So do you have to kind of divide anything or something, or you just won't talk to her again?
speaker B: It's complex. At the beginning, we deleted our WeChat contact, but totally, it was a peaceful division.
speaker A: Oh, you said you deleted each other's WeChat contact?
speaker B: Yeah, at the beginning, we met each other and we talked a lot, and finally we decided to delete the contact. But yesterday he added me again.
speaker A: She added you again yesterday?
speaker B: Yeah, she added me again because I. There was still some normal things she wanted to ask for me.
speaker A: Okay. You could say maybe, like, some practical questions. Yeah. Okay. And by the way, when you say met, usually in English, we don't use it like that because met kind of means, like ranchita. Yeah. So you can say met up with, like, met up with her. Okay, cool. So you met up with her so that you guys could discuss or about it. Okay. Well, at least you guys don't share a house or something because that would be difficult to deal with all that. Because I had a friend last year who broke up with her boyfriend, but then they were sharing an apartment in both paying rent for the apartment. And then it was really stressful because she had to find a new place to live very fast because he wanted to stay in the apartment. That's hard. Yeah. So did she meet your family before? Do you have to tell your family?
speaker B: Not yet.
speaker A: She had never met your family before, right?
speaker B: Yes, even before we had a relationship for almost four years.
speaker A: Whoa. So she never met your family?
speaker B: Yeah, same with me.
speaker A: Oh, that's interesting. Is it common to not meet each other's families for four years?
speaker B: It's common because we still pursued our degree after that period.
speaker A: Okay. My family met my boyfriend just, like, two months after we started dating. But I get you. Maybe it's different there, especially if you're going to school.
speaker B: Anyway. I think far from each other, it's tougher in a relationship.
speaker A: Yeah. Long distance is really difficult. It puts a lot of pressure on the relationship. Sometimes we call those LDR. It's a long distance relationship. Yeah. And they're really difficult. They're really difficult. So now do you feel like you will want a big break before you start dating again, or do you plan to start dating again?
speaker B: I plan to, but actually, I don't have actual plan.
speaker A: Right. But I just feel sometimes people maybe even take like one year break dating or maybe like six months break before they start going on dates again. But then other people just feel like, don't need to wait, just start dating again. It just depends how much your heart needs to heal or maybe how your heart heals. Because I think some people can heal faster if they just do it on their own. And then some people need to go out and find new people to know.
speaker B: Yeah.
speaker A: Okay. Well, I'm sorry it's been such a hard month, but I'm sending you cool new lady vibes. Okay. What's dating like in Beijing? What do people do? Do people use dating apps?
speaker B: Oh, yeah.
speaker A: Is that mostly the way people date now? I feel like in Taiwan people use dating apps, but I think people meet through each other's friend network here most of the time, which is not true in the US. People don't really do that in the US as much. What's it like? Well, because I don't know. Unless you're really sure that your friend is going to do well with another friend. I just don't really see any young people doing that. Maybe the older generation, but we don't really do that anymore. I don't know. But I think that's a bad thing because then people only use the apps and they just swipe, swipe, swipe, swipe. So the dating apps in the US, a lot of the, like, there are different apps that people use depending on what they want. Like if they want to hook up. Do you know what that. Okay, if you want to hook up, then you might use one app. But if you want a long term relationship, long term relationship, like maybe looking for something serious, then you use a different app.
speaker B: Okay.
speaker A: And there are also different apps if you're like, gay or straight.
speaker B: I know. Gay. There's a blue app.
speaker A: What blue app?
speaker B: I don't know, but chinese homo.
speaker A: China has a gay dating app.
speaker B: I don't know if it's in Chinese. IOS App Store in abroad, but I have a friend using it.
speaker A: Really?
speaker B: He call it small blue.
speaker A: Small blue.
speaker B: Maybe it has a blue logo or something.
speaker A: A blue logo? Yeah. I know the most popular one in the US has a yellow label and it's called Grindr. This is like the most popular one for the gay community. Yeah, but like that one, it's a lot of hooking up. So people mostly just use that for hooking up. But the other ones that are most popular in the US for anyone is Tinder or hinge.
speaker B: I know Tinder because I downloaded TikTok and I paid attention to the Apple rank in the US App Stores. App Store.
speaker A: Oh, does it rank very high?
speaker B: Yeah. Publish.
speaker A: Yeah, because a lot of people use this for dating now. And it's kind of weird because you used to be able to just go out and then a guy would think you were cute and he would just walk up to you and be like, hey, girl, I think you're cute. Can I get your number? And now men are really shy and they just use the apps because they think it feels better since they cannot get rejected. Harsh. Yeah. But I think it's kind of sad. So for me, I think it's really sweet when guys just see someone they like and they just go talk to them because it feels like, so real. I don't know.
speaker B: You know what you like? You prefer. You prefer in person?
speaker A: Yeah. I just feel like people are so scared to talk to people these days. I don't know if it's the same in China. I just feel since social.
speaker B: More conservative in China, actually.
speaker A: Yeah, probably. Yeah. I think in the US it's because of social media, because everyone's used to talking on their phones and then they got shy to do it in real life because they can use their phone and just say any crazy thing they want. You know what I mean? So people get cocky on their phone and they start saying all sorts of dirty things, and then you see them in person and they're like, oh, you know what I mean? Yeah, it's probably true there, too. I bet men on the dating apps are really direct. You don't think so? I think so. Must be okay. Sorry.
speaker B: Anyway, have you been to Romania?
speaker A: Romania?
speaker B: Yeah.
speaker A: Like this. No. Yeah. Why?
speaker B: This weekend I attended an activity about Romanian Valentine.
speaker A: Activity? Do you mean huo dong?
speaker B: Right.
speaker A: Event. You can say event. Yeah, it was about Romania.
speaker B: Yeah. And the romanian ambassador in China also attended this event.
speaker A: Okay, and what's happening in Romania?
speaker B: What type?
speaker A: Like, what's happening in. Why? Why was there an event about Romania?
speaker B: Because last Sunday is their Valentine Day. So there was a special event for.
speaker A: Valentine's Day with the ambassador.
speaker B: Yeah.
speaker A: That's so strange. What did they do at the event?
speaker B: There were some shows, fashion show and a singer in Romania and famous host in Romania.
speaker A: That sounds fun. So you went to the event?
speaker B: Yeah.
speaker A: That's really fun. Was there like dancing or something? Since there was a concert?
speaker B: Not a dancer, just the same dancing people like you.
speaker A: Did you dance?
speaker B: No, I don't.
speaker A: You don't like to dance?
speaker B: I can't. But recently I knew a girl who also learned to speak English.
speaker A: You don't say. New girl. Recently I knew a girl recently I met up with. No. Did you just meet her?
speaker B: No. Make a friend.
speaker A: Okay. Nijaj Shimpangyo.
speaker B: All right.
speaker A: So then you met her?
speaker B: Yeah.
speaker A: Okay. I don't know your meaning, but you can say I've been talking to a girl who is also learning English.
speaker B: Yeah. And she dances very well. Yeah. She can teach me how to dance. Some basic dance.
speaker A: Dancing is so fun and it's really good for your body. Like, dancers are so strong and they have good cardio and they're flexible and it's just so fun to do. Social. What kind of dance does she know how to do?
speaker B: Latin.
speaker A: Latin dancing? Maybe like salsa or.
speaker B: Yeah.
speaker A: It'S one of those. Which one?
speaker B: There are many kinds of dance. Heat shapes.
speaker A: She can do more than one?
speaker B: Yeah.
speaker A: Okay. I took salsa dancing lessons and it was so much fun. I think that latin music is the most fun music to dance to. But the girl you met, she's Chinese or where is she from? She's Chinese. She works with you?
speaker B: No, she's preparing for learning abroad.
speaker A: Studying abroad?
speaker B: Yeah, study abroad. She's going to irish college. Irish college. University.
speaker A: Okay. An irish university. Good. Because if it's the country. What do you call the country?
speaker B: I don't know. I run.
speaker A: Say it again. I run Ireland.
speaker B: Ireland. Okay.
speaker A: Yeah. Okay. That's really cool. So is she younger than you or is she going to get her master's degree?
speaker B: Yeah, but. Master's degree. But she's older than me because she has worked.
speaker A: Yeah. She's going to get her master's degree. Ireland is interesting. I don't love Ireland. It rains a lot. It really rains a lot. And the people drink too much alcohol.
speaker B: Cloudy and overcast.
speaker A: Yeah, true. I think people are just bored because there's not a lot to do in Ireland, so I think people get bored. I don't that I feel that, but that's cool. She's like, of course, in Dublin or something. There's going to be so much to do. And even Galway is a really young city. Her English is really good.
speaker B: Not that good.
speaker A: So not as good as you. Maybe worse than you.
speaker B: Yeah. Because she just began to prepare.
speaker A: Have you ever thought about studying in a different country?
speaker B: You may say. You may say me her. Mia.
speaker A: Have you ever considered.
speaker B: I had a plan before because in China, so many people got a job in us by the internship when they pursued degree in us. But now this way is. So this. I have given up this sword.
speaker A: Okay. The grammar for the plan would be. I had planned to study abroad before, but I decided not to. Like that. I had planned to study abroad before.
speaker B: I got it perfect, actually.
speaker A: Yeah, I know what you're saying because it is really difficult now. My boyfriend got his master's degree in the US and then he worked for a company for one year in something they call the opt. You know? Opt.
speaker B: I know.
speaker A: So the company sponsored him. They sponsored him to get the h one b. But the government still said no because they had too many people that applied that year. So even though he did everything, they still say no. Yeah. So I don't recommend. I think Australia is really.
speaker B: When many people choose Canada. Canada. But I know Canada's salary is not that high. Maybe it's not costly, effective for programming and it's cold.
speaker A: But Australia is warm and they have a pretty high minimum wage. I think so. So it's not bad. And they have a really open immigration policy. I know some people who have immigrated there and are really happy that they did. I'm not saying you have to study there, but when I went to this city, there were so many chinese people. Like, if I closed my eyes, I would think that I'm in China because I hear so much Chinese when I'm walking on the street. Because I left Taiwan and I went to Australia and I thought I just left Taiwan, but I still hear so much Chinese. I feel like, why am I still in Taiwan? It was so crazy.
speaker B: Wow.
speaker A: Yeah. A lot of people there. But I think that's a really good sign. Right? Because that probably means it's a really good place to study anyway, you can think about it.
speaker B: Yeah. I want to immigrate abroad, actually.
speaker A: Or study abroad.
speaker B: Immigrant.
speaker A: No, immigrant. Okay, good. Immigrate. Yes. You're seriously considering that?
speaker B: Yeah. But if you want to do a choice, you need to have to.
speaker A: What?
speaker B: That's a big. Actually, because most are about finance. I think in China, my family has business, I have salary. Maybe in the first tier city we can have a good life. But if I migrate abroad, maybe the income will decrease.
speaker A: You mean if you move to another country, then you will not receive as much money from your family company?
speaker B: Yeah.
speaker A: They will give you less money if you choose to leave China.
speaker B: No, that's not what you. For example, whether you live in Beijing or Melbourne, actually, maybe the life quality are same.
speaker A: So you mean if I move to, like, let's say Australia, for example, if I move to Australia, the cost of living will be higher, right? Yeah, the cost of living is higher and so you won't be able to live as comfortably.
speaker B: Maybe. How to say, physical life. Maybe physical life. Yeah. What I want to say is you lose your culture background and your friendship network. The good thing is you can be more free or.
speaker A: Liberal. Not liberal, but you can say liberated or free. Yeah. Do you often feel, how can I say?
speaker B: Controlled?
speaker A: Yeah. I don't know how to say it in a nice way, but do you often feel that in China? Because I always feel like when I talk to chinese people, they only say nice things about their government or about myself.
speaker B: Yeah. For myself, not that oppressed, but for some policies and system, I actually don't agree with their enforcement.
speaker A: Okay, I understand. But what you're saying is that you feel like it doesn't affect you as much as it affects other people, but it still bothers you that the policy is hacked. Yeah, I understand that. There's a lot like that in the US, too. But I feel like a lot of the time when I've considered moving to a different country, it's because I really like the lifestyle there more. And I feel like recently, I don't want to live in the US because people are too.
speaker B: Hectic.
speaker A: What?
speaker B: Hectic?
speaker A: Yeah, hectic. But also we have a really toxic culture about politics, race, the LGBTQ community, about everything. Our culture is just very messed up right now. And I feel like it's because people are focused on really small societal things and nobody can focus on real world things. Just, like, go out and enjoy kind of.
speaker B: What would I say? Pay much attention to it.
speaker A: Yeah. This is like political correctness, right?
speaker B: Yeah.
speaker A: Political correctness is what we call that kind of political correctness. But also, people are just very wrong right now in general. And I feel like a lot of the time, people want my opinion on some issues, and I feel so annoyed. I'm like, why? We have to talk about that. Let's go do something fun.
speaker B: And you don't think you can change it by the group? People like you vote for something.
speaker A: I totally know what you're saying, but I feel like it's just more difficult to find that in the US because even if you have that group's a friend, you still go out and constantly there's, like, noise about know. Okay. Anyway, have a good night. Sending you love.
speaker B: Thank you.